fix: Update querying-postgres.md (#906)
appsmithorg/appsmith-docs: website/docs/reference/widgets/image.md

### Inline SVG

> To display inline SVG, paste your SVG content in the Image property. For example, below is a sample SVG code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To display inline SVG, paste your SVG content in the Image property and escape the special characters with the UTF-8 equivalents.
```
